# Midterm Documentation

## Proof of Concept

## Documentation on Proof of concept
What external software or tools are needed to run your proof-of-concept?
(e.g, general dependencies, build systems, or other frameworks.)
List of what I will need to use to create my app and resources for each one (library/database/data structure ect)
Data base: Mongodb. In order to have users log into an account and save their activities I need to have a database to store their information. https://www.baeldung.com/java-mongodb
User login/create account: https://medium.com/muhamadjalaludin/how-to-create-user-interface-login-register-with-android-studio-34da847b05b2
Calendar library:I will use the java calendar library to display a calendar. https://abhiandroid.com/ui/calendarview, https://www.w3resource.com/java-exercises/datetime/java-datetime-exercise-2.php, https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/util/Calendar.html
Notifications: send notifications with user set reminder times https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23440251/how-to-repeat-notification-daily-on-specific-time-in-android-through-background, https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23440251/how-to-repeat-notification-daily-on-specific-time-in-android-through-background

What steps would need to be taken to run your proof-of-concept?
	(e.g, run the following command(s) or program(s): ____)
	Android studio took a little bit of time to figure out. I have added by code into this repo under "Planner." In order to run that code you have to open the "Planner" project in a different window and run it in that window. It will not run in the "capstone-project-horinet" project window. Other than that all you have to do is hit the run button and it will show in the emulator (or on the android device plugged up, however I do not have an android device).

What is the current functionality of the proof of concept as you have submitted it?
	(e.g, this prototype displays a ____ that allows a user to ____)
    As of Wednesday March 24th, no "working" prototype yet, but most of the documentation/resources down and lots of youtube videos/ linkedin learning watched! 

Are there any components of the code or systems you have submitted that you did not create? If so, document them here alongside their source or reference.
	(e.g, code blocks you might have found on StackOverflow. Code dependencies do not need to be listed here, such as Qt3.)
	Yes. Currently (as of Wednesday) the code submitted is from an android studio template, I have not changed anything as of 6:49PM, but if I do it will be cited!


## Changes to Previous Deliverables
### D0
Project Idea confined: 
Planner/todo app to make getting through a busy life a little easier. 
Basic summary: Insert tasks, get reminders for them, and get the satisfaction of checking tasks off as you go. 
This will be very similar to a mash-up of Microsoft calendar and trello. Users will be able to input tasks with: 
* Name of task
* Task description
* Start date, end date
* Est. time to complete
* Set a reminder by date, time, and repeat reminder
Users will also be able to input classes. recurring meetings in the same ways and (stretch idea) the app will send notifications based on free time for when to work on assignments. (This will most likely be a last stretch idea if I have time)
There will be a few different "views" to access to do lists. 
    * Just a regular todo list format
    * From that format the user can move into an hourly view to view tasks/classes/meetings in hourly format
    * And lastly a calendar/monthly view (from the calendar button on the "mainscreen" (mainscreen= screen with "todo","upcoming","finished"))
Visual representation is available in D03. 

### D1
Software/ language: Android Studio, Java 
Features of the app available in D03 prototype and the way they will be implemented in D04.
Extras that will be added: 
* Separate sections: To do (that day), Upcoming(probably set this to a week out?), and finished 
    * When user checks off a "To do" task it will move to finished section
* (Last added stretch if I have time)  * User can input their class schedule/ work schedule along with any appointments they have and the app will make note of when the user is busy/ when the user has a break and send reminders to complete tasks they haven't started/completed yet for the day.
Data base to store user login data and tasks to access on a different device (most likely not going to do desktop/website version)
### D2
The visual representation is available in D3 via PDF for user-flow and excalidraw prototypes, and google doc. 
(Relatively same update as D03 update)
Need to add: 
A delete option for tasks 
    * Button within the edit task screen at the bottom 
An easy way to edit tasks 
    * Maybe a pencil button next to the task on the todo list
(Stretch idea) A "plan this task for me" button
    * This will be the algorithm that plans out how many hours to work on an assignment a day based on how long it will take, when the user inputs the assignment and the due date.
### D3
Very few changes need to be made to this deliverable. Mainly, before next friday I need to add a few more components to my prototype, and update the user flow diagram! 
Need to add: 
A delete option for tasks 
    * Button within the edit task screen at the bottom 
An easy way to edit tasks 
    * Maybe a pencil button next to the task on the todo list
(Stretch idea) A "plan this task for me" button
    * This will be the algorithm that plans out how many hours to work on an assignment a day based on how long it will take, when the user inputs the assignment and the due date.
