# Project Specification Statement 
## Overview
Personally, I do not complete my assignments until the last minute, especially now that everything is virtual. However, I am always on my phone, even when I am supposed 
to be completing homework. I want to create a planner app that makes planning assignments and todo lists easier or more effective. This app will include many of the 
features seen in trello as well as apps like Miscrosoft calender or Google calender. This app is meant to be easy to use and personalize the way the user wants to schedule out their assignments. Through many suggestions this app will include a few different features that I think would be beneficial to help students complete their assignments on time.
## Concept
 ### Features of the app that I really want to implement:
* Some way to store the data users input
 * Maybe they have to create an account and store it that way
* Monthly/daily view 
 * Daily view will have the todo list and any assignments that are due that day.
* Users can set daily todo lists 
  * These to do lists will be like the checklists in Trello 
  * Once the user checks something off they will get fun notifications or pop ups like "congrats on completing X assignment/%/hours of work"
* Users can input the due dates for their assignments and how many hours they think this assignment will take
  * (This may be out of scope) The app will then divide up the amount of time/ percent of the project that needs to be completed each day and add that to the calender
  * The app will send reminders for these assignments each day at 8AM by default (similar to the iPhone reminders app)
* Users will be able to add, change, and remove tasks from their to do list
 * They will be able to change the day of the task (hopefully easily with a "move to tomorrow button")

 ### Extras that I am unsure will be capible within the time frame/ other options for features 
 * Fun sounds once the user checks something off the list (Maybe funny sounds, or basic sounds, sounds their friends create for them etc.)
 * Instead of just having a todo list that crosses off tasks, I can have seperate columns for the todo and completed tasks. 
  * This will allow users to see what they have completed and maybe motivate them to complete all of their tasks 
 * User can input their clas schedule/ work schedule along with any appointments they have. 
  * The app will make note of when the user is busy/ when the user has a break and send reminders to complete tasks they haven't started
## Requirements 
An app development software, not exactly sure which app development software I want to use. I would like to be able to see how the app would look on a phone as I am coding everything out. I am currently doing research on that and reaching out to other students/ alums to see if they have any advice on this. 
Microsoft API (possible that I integrate microsoft calender api into my app) 
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/outlook-calendar-concept-overview 
Unsure of what languge(s) I will be coding in, most likely Python or Java for an app. 
