# Project Decomposition Document 

### What will my app look like?
I am working on getting a visual representation of what my project will look like, I tried to use app inventor, but the extensions I need cost money. So, I will create a paper representation. 

## Components of my project
* Software required
  * Android Studio or React
  * Java vs Javascript
  * My app will need to have user input/ login and store the data (need to find resources on how to do this in Java) 

### Front-end-User-interface
https://dribbble.com/shots/10951333-Task-Planner-App 
Similar features to the app on this link.
  * Calender/ daily view
     * Calender view is month by month view 
     * Daily view is self explanatory, it is a daily view of what the user has planned
       * I want this to have an hourly view option
  * Once in this veiw, there will be a tab at the bottom of the screen "to do" which will have all of the users tasks to complete today 
         * The user wil input their assignments/ tasks to do that day and will be able to select how much time they intend to spend on them
         * It is the users preference if they want to input assignments by time, or just the day. 
           * (Stretch idea) User will be able to input the due date of an assignment and how many hours they think this assignment will take. The app will then divide the work up to see how many hours the user needs to work on this assignment each day. 
         * This to do list will be similar to the trello check list
         * Once the user checks off an assignment the letters will change to strikethrough format and the user will receive a congratulatory notification for completing it     
  * (Option 2) Next to the "todo" tab will be a "completed" tab that shows all of the tasks that the user has completed. The checked off tasks will move to this tab.
  * User will be able to input their schedule (will be able to add repeating days and times for classes/ recurring meetings as well as 

### Back-end 
  * Pretty much each of these components are going to have to interact with one another
  * The biggest back end and front end will be user input as it will have a *lot* of user input
  * A lot of buttons/ event handlers to go from page to page
  * Connecting to the devices notification system to send reminders and congratulations for completing an assignment/task
  * Within the task:
      * Due date and time 
      * A start time, end time (scrollable list? or insert a time?)
      * How much time the user thinks this task will take (optional)
      * (Maybe) color code system for classes
  * If I end up using Java there is a calendar class that will come in handy

## Resources used in researching my project 
App inventor 
Figma
https://developer.android.com/codelabs/build-your-first-android-app#2 

