##Sketching Ideas
For now, I will link a google doc with my user flow and sketches on them! If necessary I will also embed them,
however, for accessibility in presenting they will be on the google doc!
I also created a powerpoint that I will try to upload into the repository as well, or change it to a 
word document/PDF format!
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1c2TikHQDmpRHKq9I-lwkqdCLHplBN9ma-VpawYDLL4Y/edit?usp=sharing

#Reflection
*How was the process of creating your prototype?
    * This process was really fun and helped me focus in on the goals of my app.
*How did this process guide, clarify, or inform your design process?
    * This process allowed me to see all of the different ways users will be able to complete a task. 
	Some of which I hadn't thought about before doing my prototype and user flow diagram!
*What lingering questions do you have regarding modeling or prototyping?
    * I don't think that I have any lingering questions right now about prototyping or modeling. 
*How prepared do you feel to start tackling the implementation of the system you have modeled and prototyped? 
    * On a scale from 1-10, 1 being not prepared and 10 being fully prepared, I feel like I am at about a 5 or 6.
	I am still pretty nervous about coding an app for the first time with little Java experience. But I am going
	to start simple and move up from there. I think there are a lot of resources out there for me that I can take
	advantage of: TA's, linkedin learning, youtube, lots and lots of documentation on creating your first app in Java
	and Android studio. 
## Updates
There are very few changes to this. 
Need to add: 
A delete option for tasks 
    * Button within the edit task screen at the bottom 
An easy way to edit tasks 
    * Maybe a pencil button next to the task on the todo list
(Stretch idea) A "plan this task for me" button
    * This will be the algorithm that plans out how many hours to work on an assignment a day based on how long it will take, when the user inputs the assignment and the due date.